Add some styling (#82)
soenkehahn/agora: README.md

Pull requests are tested on github actions, with the workflow defined in `.github/workflows/build.yaml`.
You can run approximately the same tests locally with `just all`.
(See [just](https://github.com/casey/just).)

## License

> This software is licensed under [cc0-1.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/cc0-1.0/),
> unless stated otherwise in the `ATTRIBUTION.md` file.

Reviewer: What do you think about:

```suggestion
Agora is licensed under [the CC0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/cc0-1.0) with the exception of third-party components listed in [`ATTRIBUTION.md`](ATTRIBUTION.md).
```

To make it clear that Agora is always licensed under the CC0, and that it's only dependencies that have different licenses.

Author: Very good!
